So we learned a lot of new units in this module and we actually applied a lot of them in our project.
So in this lecture, I just want to add one additional of this new units because I saw that in the packages
file,
we still use width 100% and height 100%.
We use position fixed so it's not a big problem but I would like to change the background on our packages
side also to 100 viewport width and 100 viewport height, vh, not wh like that.
So if I go back and go to the packages page, we can see that the image still is positioned as it
was before but now we also have these units aligned with the image we have right here on our main side
where we also have the viewport units.
That's it,
that was our code cleaning up, was quite easy actually.
So let me now summarize what we learned in the next video.